In the last lecture we found out that async data runs in different environments.
Let's now simply lock that context object to get a deeper insight into what's inside of that.
Now if we're dead I simply console log context and nobbler reload the main page.
Now as expected we don't see the output here but on the server because I reloaded.
And here we actually actually see a lot of data being output.
We see that the Context object has properties like its server is Kalighat which allows to find out in
which environment we're running if we're in development mode.
And a lot of other things now to make this a bit more convenient to read let's not reload the page and
go to some other page instead and navigate back.
Now it's of course locked in the client.
And here we can conveniently check what's inside this context object.
Now as you can see we've got a bunch of different things.
We got the nth property which holds environment variables.
If we had injected any we have to is client property which indicates whether we are on the Clyde or
not though as you can see.
You should not rely on this anymore in the latest version of next.
You should use Prozess collided stat which uses an environment variable.
But what we also see is for example that we can access parents so any route parents who might have business
the next router because if we ever need roud parents we can't use this route.
Remember I mentioned that that this is not a whale of a will because this does run before the component
is created.
Therefore here with parents we get that information from next which is able to parse.
You or l the same for query parameters.
We also got a redirect function in case you want to simply redirect on that or in that method we can
execute it and passed you are EHLO for a new route.
We get access to the store and it will come back to us soon.
But here we get access to debt we can access more detailed route data if we want it.
Perens is just a convenient property which gives us direct access.
We could all access context route parents and we also get general app information here.
Now that is super useful.
You won't use all of these properties most of the time but you get a lot of insights into the current
state of your app with the help of the context object and especially being able to parse the route parameters
is super useful as we can see in the next lecture when we also want to load that data for a single post
dynamically.